TINY-10101: Fix Safari/Firefox not showing border when focus on iframe (#8944)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed
- On Safari and Firefox browsers, scroll positions were not always maintained when updating the content of a `streamContent: true` iframe dialog component. #TINY-10078 #TINY-10109
- Scrolling behavior was inconsistent when updating a `streamContent: true` iframe dialog component with content lacking an HTML document type declaration. #TINY-10110

> - On Safari and Firefox browsers, the border around the `iframe` dialog component was not visible. #TINY-10101

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On Safari and Firefox browsers, the border around the `iframe` dialog component was not highlighted when focused. #TINY-10101
```
